1. Provide a high-level description (ie, using minimal amount of technical jargon) of each problem
in no more than 100 words.

Problem 1 (Name and Age): ...
used writeln to make the sentence also including the sys.argv as well.
Problem 2 (Greet Three): ...
used writeln again and made sure to make the arguments go in the opposite order.
Problem 3 (Day of the Week): ...
essentially did what was on the discussion page then made sure dow was an int to make it not a really long decimal
Problem 4 (Three Sort): ...
found the max and min then found the middle by adding all the numbers then subtracting the max and min
then printed them all
Problem 5 (Body Mass Index): ...
just got two variables, made them float, did the bmi formula (kg/(h*h)) then printed it out
Problem 6 (Wind Chill): ...
just did the equation and printed out the wind
Problem 7 (Gravitational Force): ...
Did the equation given and made variables for each of the three inputs so that it doesn't mess up
Problem 8 (Gambler's Ruin): ...
Made variables first then made the equations with order of operations.
Problem 9 (Waiting Time): ...
made variables with inputs then after used math import to get e and use that in equation.
Problem 10 (Cartesian Coordinates): ...
First made variables and made sure to make theta into radians.  then just used the equations given
and finally wrote what it was.
Problem 11 (Great Circle Distance): ...
First made variables and made them all
Problem 12 (Snell's Law): ...
Again i have no clue why its wrong ig ill ask them
Problem 13 (Uniform Random Numbers): ...
Did this one by making the variables, making the separate equations then putting
them all together using separate write commands
Problem 14 (Die Roll): ...
Just found variable then made two die variables. after that i added them in stdio.writeln function
Problem 15 (Triangle Inequality): ...
Found the variables then after made the expr variable and made it boolean
after that made many if statements that would make one thing false if variable was greater than other 2 combined
made else statement true then printed the result in the end
2. Did you receive help from anyone? List their names, status (classmate, course staff, other), and
the nature of help received.

Name                   Status           Help Received
----                   ------           -------------
Shrey Patel             TA              Helped with figuring out how to do problems 10-12 with the radians and degrees
...                    ...              ...

3. List any other comments here. Feel free to provide any feedback on how much you learned from
doing the assignment, and whether you enjoyed doing it.

...
